Added rudimentary methods for writing data (#166)
gitonomy/gitlib: doc/repository.md

```php
$repository = new Gitonomy\Git\Repository('/tmp/foo', ['environment_variables' => ['GIT_']])
```

Pull
----

> You can pull changed from remote by calling `pull()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pull changes from remote by calling `pull()`:
```

```php
$repository->pull();
```

Push
----

> You can pull changed from remote by calling `push()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can push changes to remote by calling `push()`:
```
